Uhmm...
feel like I don't.
Is honestly like like this this year of like chambers like
my like second group that I've actually like actually laid in.
I won't tell you. That's personal matter, like that was not chamber that was just like that
playing through yeah, specially know
It's not really, but I like the wardrobe has like a piano ***
You know Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. I like I really love that one
You need a really good pianist.
For love. And, What about you since you're way more experienced than me?
Huhuhuh
mmmm...
Right. You're so right
mm
Y'all, I don't know if we can get that together.
Be cool, then you like the guy
group and courages
like recital you know like we do like rap with just like everyone
Like with everyone that's graduated. And we wear all of our dresses.
You know what I mean?
It would be very nice. Yeah
Like we just forget all about what we don't like about each other and just play music, you know?
Yeah..., yeah yes
How would be good to u. We could probably host that ourselves.
yeah yeah
Chain program. Ah no no no
This, I don't know. I don't I don't know much.
she like promp
Oh, got a good news. Huhuh
Ohhh......
Haa
mmm..
right, right. I definitely know
You don't know much.
Okay. Solo rep? huhah
it's hard to like balance no like doing i don't know with them it just because like
It takes so long and so like
You end up neglecting this or not, because that's what I ended up doing.
You know
ss yeah
yeah
Hmm
It's like the more like
Inner....
Yeah, yeah, because like when I say just
that like GM wanted me to do from, but I think we suggested to.
Because and we did not give much of a reaction, so was like okay
There were, hmm
Yeah, but he was really on board with the chanson.
yeah
hmm.
Yeah, I know. It doesn't make any sense to me.
Fine, I guess.
I didn't I don't understand. The thinking.
Ohh, Sometimes, if he's like really annoyed, like he was with me, he was like, he was just...
it's, it's like yeah, it's like you're like not our testing me like but sure, you know
What is this? Play to them
But like, sorry. But like, also...
I fifth